Update API References for Content Versioning (#19911)
directus/directus: docs/reference/query.md

Retrieve an item's result from a specific version.

::: warning Requires Configuration

> Requires an [Versioning field](/app/data-model/collections#content-versioning) to be configured within the Collection's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires [Versioning](/app/data-model/collections#content-versioning) to be enabled within the Collection's
```
